>> Mike North: So here is some
gear I use for this kind of stuff.
Just to describe to you how easy
this might be to accomplish.
The WiFi Pineapple, this is a Linux box.
It runs on a 5 volt USB power thing, so
like it's just getting
power from this port,
it could get power from
an iPhone charger too.
It has the double WiFi cards.
It has an app store where you can
download an SSL strip plugin or
a malicious captive portal where it would
say, enter your credit card number,
$0.99, free WiFi throughout
the whole city of Minneapolis.
Only today, for the next 30 seconds,
enter your credit card number, and
capture all that stuff.
I run Kali Linux in a virtual machine
which we already saw earlier today.
That comes with tools pre-installed,
that's the main benefit of that.
And it has a bunch of WiFi drivers.
In Linux,
you have to install some kernel extensions
to support a wide range of wireless cards.
This is set up to already
be oriented towards that.
And then finally, this little thing here.
It is a WiFi antenna and a radio that
it's about between 10 and 15 times more
powerful than what you have in your laptop
because you don't want to drain
the battery any more than is necessary so
they don't install mega WiFI
radios in these laptops.
And additionally it's a little big and so
you have a light antenna I have an antenna
that could hit another building from here.
And the idea is you can cast a huge net
and effect a broad range of people.
And also have a very, very strong signal
because devices will have a bias for
joining a super strong WiFi signal.
You wanna join the five bars,
not the one bar, right?
So the WiFi Pineapple's about $100
if you can get it on sale and
I think it was 9.99 for this thing.
You don't need a whole lot of
investment to cause trouble with this,
I say this because anybody could do it.
They make little wired devices, I believe
this even comes with the tape on it and
the handwritten IT do not remove sticker.
It's just mean to sort of blend
in with every little black
plastic box thing that you
have in an IT environment.
So this is my favorite here.
For $5 extra you can get something that
would set on top of this that's plug into
the wall.
It looks like a smoke detector,
the lights actually turn on and
it actually beeps when
you press the button.
So short of like taking a broom and
whacking this off the wall to see if
its insides look like a smoke detector
you're not going to be able
to stop this from happening.
So we have to build our
applications in such a way that
it helps insulate users from this
thing that we really can't stop.
Well let's say we even lock down WiFi.
There's one step further here, and that
is to use something called a Femtocell.
So this is, if you have a weak
cell signal in your home, right,
say you live out in the country.
You can call your cellular
service provider and
they will be glad to rent
you one of these things.
It essentially is a little mini cell
tower that you put in your home and
it'll use your cable Internet
connection or your DSL connection
to essentially create a little mini-cell
tower that your devices will join.
Why this is sort of interesting and
potentially a little dangerous.
While, number one, you're
not just providing your own WiFi network
with your own name and your own password.
You don't log into this thing.
Anyone who happens to walk
by takes advantage of it.
The second thing is you don't
have a choice about joining this.
Your device hops on to it just
as it hops on to a LTE network.
So short of going into airplane
mode there’s really no way to avoid
jumping on these.
They’re on sale, they're a couple
hundred dollars on eBay and
they absolutely been hacked were people
can just get cellphones to join these and
they can read your texts.
Listen to your voice calls,
monitor traffic that's going through them.
So assume that someone will man
in the middle of your users,
even if they're vigilant and
they always use a VPN.
Eventually they're gonna get
onto cellular service and
most people are not aware that
this kind of thing exists.